# Node.js Foundation Bootstrap Team Meeting 2018-11-12

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dIRyJ2nzYCY
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/34

## Present

- Myles Borins (@MylesBorins)
- Mike Dolan (@mkdolan)
- Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
- Adam Miller (@amiller-gh)
- Tracy Hinds (@hackygolucky)
- Bruce MacNaughton (@bmacnaughton)
- Abraham Jr. Agiri (@codeekage)
- Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
- Brian Warner (@brianwarner)
- Sakthipriyan Vairamani (@thefourtheye)

## Agenda

Extracted from **bootstrap-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### Approving PRs (3 minute timebox)

* Draft Staging Process [#23](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/23)
  - 3 minute timebox
  - Jory introduced the process and noted that it can be simplified as necessary.
  - Myles proposes moving forward once grammatical changes are landed
  - Myles takes action to land

### Stage Advancement (3 minute timebox)

* Governance stage 1 [#32](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/32)
  - 3 minute timebox
  - Proposal to move governance from stage 0 to stage 1
  - We have a general idea of how we’re doing it, but don’t need consensus on exact wording
  - Myles takes action to land

## Update on progress (4 minute timebox)

* First Pass at Bootstrap Process [#7](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/7)
  - 2 minute timebox
  - Adam will close current PR.
  - New PR to be opened by Adam on the README with the current contents migrated
* Create expectations for foundation draft [#6](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/6)
  - 2 minute timebox
  - Open question: At what point do we consider the proposals firm enough to start getting feedback from lawyers and board members?
  - Open question: How do we ensure that budget responsibility is sufficiently consolidated to ensure that all required actions are taken throughout the year? (establishing budget, ensuring project execution, etc)
  - Tracy takes action to incorporate TSC and CommComm’s expectations of the board and the executive committee into PR

### Discussion (45 minute timebox)

* How often / when do we meet? [#21](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/21)
  - 2 minute timebox
  - Action to revisit in next meeting to find a time that works for Asia, Africa, and Europe, as well as EST and PST
* Drafting initial governance for merged foundation [#33](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/33)
  - 40 minute timebox
  - Mike D takes action to make governance document public 
  - Decision to retain name of “Cross Project Council”
  - Open question: How will the community be represented?  Multiple representation structures have been proposed, this likely merits being broken out into a separate thread.
  - Suggestion: begin with the individual membership proposal and modify as necessary.
  - Tracy takes action to start a new thread about individual representation
  
