# Joint Foundation Bootstrap Team Meeting 2018-12-17
## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_IpaOMU1y4
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/61

## Present

- Myles Borins (@MylesBorins)
- Adam Miller (@amiller-gh)
- Christian Bromann (@bromann)
- Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
- Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
- Brian Warner (@brianwarner)
- Sam Ruby (@rubys)
- Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
- Mike Dolan (@mkdolan)
- Tracy Hinds(@hackygolucky)
- Andy Updegrove (@aupdegrove)
- Manil Chowdhury (@chowdhurian)
- Steven Ayr
- Hassan Sani (@inidaname)

## Agenda

Extracted from **bootstrap-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### Update on Progress (10 minutes)

* doc: initial version of CPC Charter [#48](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/48)
  - 5 minute timebox

  * MDawson Update: there haven’t been many comments since last update. Main points
    are how people get elected. That was the main outstanding. I think this a
    stage 0 or 1 and then we can answer those questions.
  * Myles: Stage 1 doesn’t mean anything is set in stone. You can just document the concerns. 
  * MDawson: There’s three dif models of election/attendance and I think we just need to have a
    discussion. Content on mandate will be refined. 
  * Myles: Any objects to landing the proposal as a stage 1?
    * No Objections.
  * MDawson to take the action. 

* \[WIP\] PROJECT PROGRESSION [#45](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/45)
  - 5 minute timebox

Jory: cleanup after last meeting on objections. Some work being done on defining a review process. On JSF side have had a few convos about what makes sense for staging and there are open issues around naming. Conflation between commons / sandbox / incubating. Deep dive convo might make sense around exact staging. Ready to be landed as stage 1 as long as known open issues are addressed independently moving forward.

### Discussion (45 minutes)

* Organize the next collaborator summit for $foundation, not just Node.js  [#58](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/58)
  - 10 minute timebox

  * Myles Summarizes: collab summits for Node JS have been 1 around JSConf EU & 1 around Node+ JS Interactive. May 30-31 is the JSConfEU dates. Board has approved $30k budget for the event with the hope we can also get sponsorships. The budget is for event expenses & travel fund comes from a different line. Please contact Brian Warner if you are able to sponsor (bwarner@linuxfoundation.org).. Need to discuss scope & figure out how to incorporate JSF projects. Would be good time to figure out foundation logistics. 
* Myles + Tracy provide overview of past formats. Organization happens in the /summit repo. Issue #135 is about the Berlin edition of the summit. Very flexible in terms of set-up. 
* Manil requests some budget to be allocated to support better remote participation. 
* Idea to have people in more official ‘moderation’ roles to facilitate discussion. Discussion of remote participation improvements. Use of TCQ, training on the tool.
* No explicit action items other than to move forward with discussion in appropriate spaces.

* Drafting initial governance for merged foundation [#33](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/33)
  - 15 minute timebox
  - Refs:
  -  https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1qUcvZz4wmQtwcWu9rWjxFNmWw5plD9-4_7mtvQvCegk/
    - Top Level Council(s) Shape and Focus [#52](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/52)
    - What does C3 look like? [#38](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/38)
    - What does the CPC look like? [#37](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/37)
    - https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/projects/1

Myles provides overview of the current structure as outlined in the Dolan presentation. Where current PRs and work reflect work on that structure. How the Project Board (referenced above) fits in. 
Tracy: There’s some stuff that stood out to me. I’m wondering why we’ve done the travel fund and scholarship fund dichotomy?
Myles: I’ve just moved them into joint.
Tracy: SHould anything budget related be joint? What does managing initiatives mean?
Myles: Some of it is a bit hand-wavy, does anyone object to removing the two (internal/external) cards?
MDawson: Having something that explains the difference is helpful.
Myles: Another way we can look at this is through membership requirements. The C3 could have much wider access for participation where the CPC will likely have more requirements. 

{Discussion continues on difference & needs of CPC & C3}

Summary of discussion: Group is leaning toward proposing that the CPC is the main administrative group that charters the activities and empowers the community to lead efforts and programs. Community participation type model (akin to public civics clubs) where some members have voting capabilities in the case that there are legal implications. 

Action: all to work on this in the issue tracker. Next meeting will be in January 7 at 9 am EST.
