
# Node.js Foundation Bootstrap Team Meeting 2018-11-05

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4wR8IWFP_I8
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/30

## Present

- Myles Borins (@MylesBorins)
- Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
- George Adams (@gdams)
- Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
- Manil Chowdhury (@chowdhurian)
- Mike Dolan (@mdolan)
- Todd Moore (tmmoore_1)
- Steven Ayr (JSF counsel)
- Sendil Kumar (@sendilkumarn)
- Rich Trott (joined at 2:19pm ET, left at 2:40pm ET)

## Agenda

This is a tentative agenda put together based on open issues. Please chime in about changes you would like to see and I'll update this original post accordingly

### Discussion (50 minute timebox)

### nodejs/bootstrap

* doc: initial governance [#19](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/19)
  - 5 minute timebox
  - Myles provided an overview of the initial draft of governance for the bootstrap. No questions were raised and the group decided to land it. Tierney suggested moving the DCO out. Myles made the change and submitted the PR. 
* How often / when do we meet? [#21](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/21)
  - 5 minute timebox
  - Myles reviewed the history of the time for the meeting. Myles will land the 9am / 2pm Eastern Time but propose changing the 2pm ET to 1pm ET going forward. 
* Draft Staging Process [#23](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/23)
  - 10 minute timebox
  - Myles provided an overview of the policy and stages. Myles mentioned James’ proposal to use a two stage process and articulated the key differences. Mike Dolan mentioned concerns about timing for the merger documents. Discussion ensued on using this beyond just the bootstrap and using it for decision making long term. The plan for now is to start using this and adjust if necessary to get to a long term approach.
* Do we want Board representation? [#17](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/17)
  - 10 minute timebox
  - Myles provided an overview of the issue. Todd Moore discussed the CNCF model where the largest project (Kubernetes) selects one governing board representative and then the other projects select a representative. Tierney Cyren commented that he would like to see the Community Committee represented on the Board. Tierney also commented that representation is also related to the structure of the governance. Myles noted there are two points we’re designing for: representation and having a seat at the table where decisions are made. There was discussion on the total number of community seats. Manil Chowdhury suggested also noting what Board structures we don’t want to use. Time ran out and Myles suggested adding any further thoughts to the issue.
* Create expectations for foundation draft [#6](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/6)
  - 10 minute timebox
  - Myles provided an overview of the PR. Myles summarized it as an ask to the Board for what the group would like to see allowed in the governance and then walked through the initial draft. Discussion progressed on the role of the ED and CPC (the proposal for co-chair). Tierney raised questions about using the trademark in the community. E.g. creating hats, stickers, etc. Mike Dolan clarified that the norm is for the foundation to own the marks and then the community and GB approve a policy around the ability to use the mark. 
* First Pass at Bootstrap Process [#7](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/7)
  - Refs:
    - Guiding principles, concerns, general operations [#9](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/9)
  - 10 minute timebox
  - Myles gave an overview of the PR. Given outstanding requests to move pieces out, Michael Dawson suggested moving the call out. Mike Dolan (and Tierney via chat) raised a question about whether the overall structure outline previously discussed was the correct model to use as a baseline assumption. Discussion followed about using a chunk of time at the next meeting to focus on locking down an initial draft. Mike Dolan took the todo to create an initial draft. 

