# Joint Foundation Bootstrap Team Meeting 2018-12-10

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PlmdNuKa6RU
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/57

## Present

- Myles Borins (@MylesBorins)
- Andy Updegrove (@aupdegrove)
- Mike Dolan (@mkdolan)
- Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
- Matteo Collina (@mcollina)
- Sam Ruby (@rubys)
- Nick O’Leary (@knolleary)
- Daniel Appelquist (@torgo)
- Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
- Torgny Bjers (@tbjers)
- Steven Ayr (@stevenayr)

## Agenda

Extracted from **bootstrap-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### Approving PRs (2 minute timebox)

* doc: fix spelling in template [#54](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/54)
  - 1 minute timebox

Myles introduces - no objections

* doc: update proposal template [#53](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/53)
  - 1 minute timebox

Myles introduces - no objections

### Proposals (15 minute timebox)

* proposal: town-hall to stage 0 [#55](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/55)
  - 3 minute timebox

Myles describes proposals, requirements & responsibilities - no objections for Stage 0. Looking for documents/artifacts for Stage 1. 

* \[WIP\] PROJECT PROGRESSION [#45](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/45)
  - 3 minute timebox

Will revisit next week
Discussed landing as a Stage 1 proposal once a few additional details are documented
Mateo clarified one change he’d like to make for open governance for platinum projects.

* EXPECTATIONS stage 1 [#41](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/41)
  - 3 minute timebox

Tracy unable to join today. Updates incl. Unresolved questions incl C* structure. 
No objections to move to Stage 1. 

* doc: initial version of CPC Charter [#48](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/48)
  - 6 minute timebox

MDawson is on vacation - moving on to discussion & tabling this for next week. 

### Discussion (35 minute timebox)

* Drafting initial governance for merged foundation [#33](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/33)
  - Refs:
    - Top Level Council(s) Shape and Focus [#52](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/52)
    - What does C3 look like? [#38](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/38)
    - What does the CPC look like? [#37](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/37)
    - Project board: https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/projects/1
    https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1qUcvZz4wmQtwcWu9rWjxFNmWw5plD9-4_7mtvQvCegk/edit#slide=id.p


For this section we are going to go through a design exercise to identify requirements of Top-Level Committees. We will capture these requirements in cards in a GitHub project and then attempt to figure out if they should be the responsibility of the CPC or C3.

Myles: introduces exercise. 
Sarah: How is this different from the expectations document? 
Myles: This is meant as an exercise to determine what other documents/items we need to progress. 
Myles reviews progress so far. Group proceeds to add/discuss cards to add to the project boards.
Sarah N & Sarah C confirm that the responsibilities like marketing are coordinated among a few committees. 
Matteo suggested “support developer advocacy” as a responsibility (emphasize empowering projects vs. doing on behalf of the projects). 
Myles emphasizes that this is an exercise to gather different responsibilities to figure out what the scope of the two top level committees are supposed to be - not to assume what these TLCs are for. 
Continued discussion of varying cards/responsibilities.
Myles reminds everyone of the 2 p.m. meeting

* 5 minute discussion to update folks on where we are today
  - Current proposed governance structure
  - Current proposed Top-Level Committees
  - Current proposed community board representation
* 15 minutes of identifying requirements and responsibilities of the foundation
  - What are the community responsibilities of the foundation
  - What are the foundation responsibilities of the foundation
* 15 minutes of sorting the requirements
  - Which specific requirements and responsibilities will be managed by the Board
  - Which specific requirements and responsibilities will be managed by the CPC
  - Which specific requirements and responsibilities will be managed by the C3
