# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2020-07-28

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9-np3aAbXw
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/598

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Timmy Willison (@timmywil)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Kris Borchers (@kborchers)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Eemeli Aro (@eemeli)
* Rachel Romof (@rromoff)
* Matteo Collina (@mcollina)
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb)
* Tobie Langel (@tobie)
* Christian Bromann (@christian-bromann)
* Divy Tolia (@designmoreweb)
* Mike Samuel (@mikesamuel)
* Ant√≥n Molleda (@molant)


## Agenda

### Announcements

* Blogs + keynote on certification in China coming in next few days. (Linux open source summit)
* If somebody you know has an interesting story to highlight on the blog, please nominate them
  by reaching out to Rachel(Slack or email)
* Standards WG meeting is 2pm EST today

### Board Meeting Updates
 
*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Incubation process clarifications [#567](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/567)
  * Addressed by PR https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/591


* Develop annual review process for projects [#592](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/592)
  * Joe, would make sense to have proposal. If we can discuss in the issue and then have
    somebody pull together into PR for proposal

* Board seat definitions and process [#587](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/587)
  * Joe will do one last check, will let Michael know if its ready and he will kick of email board
     vote

* Updating the CLA to the Apache-style ICLA and CCLA [#583](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/583)
  * Last question answered 5 days, ago, ready to go 
  * Board vote thread already open was waiting for this feedback, and it seems there
    are not concerns.
  * WIll close issue and board vote will proceed.

* Collaboration for hackathon [#572](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/572)
  * Has been raised as FYI, will take agenda tag off.

* doc: Governance changes for Collaboration Network [#547](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/547)
  * Michael has action to look at allowed licences. 

* 2nd Director seat- post July 2020 [#438](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/438)
  * Joe, once PR for board seat definitions land, will need to get vote started.
  * Primary directory, CPC member, second active OpenJS Collaborator
  * Close this issue, open new issue for election proposal.

* Add Foundation-wide copyright guidance [#414](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/414)
  * No update

* Responsible security disclosures [#326](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/326)
  * Need new PR to move to stage 3. 



## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://calendar.openjsf.org

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

