# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2020-08-04

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lS_NKi63QVw
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/606

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Kris Borchers (@kborchers)
* Divy Tolia (@designmoreweb)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Dylan Schiemann (@dylans)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Sara Chipps (@SaraJo)
* Christopher Hiller (@boneskull)
* Shelley Vohr (@codebytere)
* Myles Borins (@mylesborins)
* Brian Douglas (@bdougie)
* Timmy Willison (@timmywil)

## Agenda

### Announcements

New QUnit Site
New Electron Voting CPC Reps - Tierney & Shelly!
Board Elections wrapping for End User & Silver member seats - notifications out Friday
New snazzy Dojo Site!

### Board Meeting Updates
 
*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Electron may choose up to two voting members on CPC [#604](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/604)
PR open - woohoo!


* Director election process [#601](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/601)

Agree to stagger to help with continuity; 
Do we extend one seat? Group senses yes. Joe: Extend CPC Director seat and run election now for Node Seat.
Kris: I would be comfortable with that but it does work in my favor. 
Joe: How do we take a decision to proceed with this plan?
Go with the PR route to start the timing, and also send email out to the list to get quorum in the next meeting to advance quickly. 
AI: open PR; request quorum on the next meeting; open nominations for seat currently held by Node / Michael Dawson. Start accepting nominations Aug 10, close nominations on Aug. 15. Election runs immediately following.

* Develop annual review process for projects [#592](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/592)

Issue could probably be split into several issues;
Address Growth projects specifically in order to support goal setting
Growth stage not meant to be a final stage - temporary state between at large or impact
Growth projects likely need more of a champion or mentor from the CPC in order to better support those goals
Discussion about structure vs. flexible approach 
What kind of challenges will be supported through the Growth / Support process
As well as clearer guidance as to how a project could / should advance - particularly in order to reach Impact stage.
Next steps - need to conclude onboarding process; work directly with Mocha to come up with goals; think about developer analytics & community engagement data
Work in groups to finish onboarding as a way to proceed?
AI - Decompose issue & establish a starting group of Growth projects to tackle


* Board seat definitions and process [#587](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/587)
  * Joe: good to land
AI is to land the PR

* Updating the CLA to the Apache-style ICLA and CCLA [#583](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/583)

Additional clarification to be discussed, Brian wrapping up details with AMP team.
Resolving tooling issue for ICLA-only issue
AI remove meeting label

* Collaboration for hackathon [#572](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/572)

FYI - no action needed. 
AI remove agenda label

* doc: Governance changes for Collaboration Network [#547](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/547)
* Add Foundation-wide copyright guidance 
Waiting on board approval vote - there was one small charter change
AI follow up with Brian to get the vote commenced

[#414](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/414)
* Add Foundation Copyright 

No Update

* [#326](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/326)
  * Responsible Security Disclosures
  * Waiting on a few changes from Marcin;  

*[#607](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/607)
Next steps for supporter program

Sara has started a doodle poll to start discussing details about implementation
Time to get together and talk next steps!



## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://calendar.openjsf.org

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

