# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2020-08-18

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aOJZl2vopJA
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/621

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Kris Borchers (@kborchers)
* Matteo Collina (@mcollina)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
* Divy Tolia (@designmoreweb)
* Sendil Kumar (@sendilkumarn)
* Dylan Schiemann (@dylans)
* Rachel Romoff (@rromoff)
* Shelley Vohr (@codebytere)
* Eemeli Aro (@eemeli)
* Agiri (@codeekage)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Sara Chipps (@sarajo)
* Brian Warner (@brianwarner)


## Agenda

### Announcements
Marketing Committee meeting today, at 12 pm PT/ 3 pm ET
Public Board meeting Friday, Aug 21

### Board Meeting Updates
 
*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Fastify charter review [#617](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/617)
  * Please review, hoping to close next week

* Nominations Open: Community Board Seat for OpenJS Foundation Board of Directors [#616](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/616)
  * 5 self nominations, nominations closed. Great to see a good number of candidates
  * Voting is open

* Next Steps for Supporter Program [#607](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/607)
  * Sara, meeting last Friday on compiling notes into pull request, some exciting suggestions
  * Should be PR this week.
    
* Develop annual review process for projects [#592](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/592)
  * Chris Hiller and Tobie were going to move this forward.

* doc: Governance changes for Collaboration Network [#547](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/547)
  * Some discussion about suggestion for default licence
  * Eemeli, ok to have different default, but need to explain why.
  * Tierney, initial guess, if suggesting apache, recommend MIT as that is what much
     of the ecosystem uses.
  * Eemeli, maybe the preference should be in the IP policy itself.

* Add Foundation-wide copyright guidance [#414](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/414)
  * Eemeli mentioned that it mentions the “project” as opposed to the foundation
  * Brian to follow up to see if we can make that change, or if there are some implications.

* Responsible security disclosures [#326](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/326)
  * some comments, needs an update

* We should try an earlier CPC meeting time
[#599](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/599)
  * General discussion around times and goals with meeting times
  * Joe will update issue with proposal to alternate an early time with the later time
  * Eemeli will create an issue asking for input from folks who want to contribute but have difficulty with current meeting times


## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://calendar.openjsf.org

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

