# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2020-01-28

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=atNHnMN2E40
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/453

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Timmy Willison (@timmywil)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Tobie Langel (@tobie)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Christopher Hiller (@boneskull)
* Jordan Harband (@LJHarb)
* Sendil Kumar N (@sendilkumarn)
* Matteo Collina (@mcollina)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
* Mike Samuel (@mvsamuel)
* Eemeli Aro (@eemeli)
* Rachel Romoff (@rromoff)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Collab Summit PLanning meeting today - immediately following CPC meeting
* collecting feedback & input on the collab summit
* Standards WG meeting today
* jQuery AMA event on Feb. 5

### Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

* discussed travel summit item; update with that issue
* post-graduation checklist wasn’t updated in time

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Meta: Where shall certain resources live? [#445](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/445)
  * Jory would like to create a resources directory with an index in an existing repo
    * Joe +1, Michael +1
    * Jory will take action to do that.

* Finalise travel fund process [#441](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/441)
  * No objections, Michael will land later today.

* Start a Code of Conduct Team [#432](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/432)
  * We have more folks agreeing to be involved
  * Eemeli: is previous PR proposal dead or …?
  * Michael: let’s get agreement on MVP of CoC
  * Eemeli: previous PR is MVP or near MVP and we should move forward

* Add Foundation-wide copyright guidance [#414](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/414)

@brianwarner andI @tobie chatted about this offline.

They agreed that the document should be renamed "IP Policy Guidance" and would be the single entry point for anything related to copyright/patent issues for OpenJSF projects. They agreed that they could split up the document in two sections, a super short TL;DR (the goal of which would be to address the requirements of the vast majority of projects) and a second section for those wanting to dig deeper.
Expect a more complete proposal in two weeks.

* Kicking off an OpenJS Foundation project landscape [#411](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/411)

* open issues: maintainability, accessibility, some other functionality
* How does this add value to the foundation?

* Add post-graduation checklist [#386](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/386)
  * Needs an update and more approvals (needs ½ of voting members)
  * Joe took action to chase to see if we can get the required approvals

* doc: move COC proposal to stage 3 [#379](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/379)
  * All members of new team to review and comment on what it would take to make it
    The MVP.  +1 if its already there.

* Clarify Travel Fund status & process [#377](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/377)
  * Can close once  #441 lands

* Responsible security disclosures [#326](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/326)
  * Marcin is working on it based on guidance landed in package-maintenance WG
  * Researching what OpenJS members already have in place.
  * Mike Samuel asked to be included in discussion.

* update CoC from 1.4 to 2.0 [418] (https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/418)
  * Agreed we can land it.

* Post-Bootstrap work to be managed by CPC [#115](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/115)


### openjs-foundation/standards

* Chartering the standards team [#58](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/58)

### openjs-foundation/project-onboarding

* Communication channel between CPC and AMP infra WG [#31](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/project-onboarding/issues/31)

  * Covered first due to TL availability:
  * This can be closed. A mailing list has been created here:  https://lists.openjsf.org/g/amp-onboarding-infrastructure/topics



## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://calendar.openjsf.org

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
