# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2020-08-11

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iEDuhUqBa-E
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/615

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Sendil Kumar N (@sendilkumarn)
* Divy Tolia (@designmoreweb)
* Matteo Collina (@mcollina)
* Darcy Clarke (@darcyclarke)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb)
* Kris Borchers (@kborchers)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Sara Chipps (@sarajo)
* Chris Hiller (@boneskull)
* Mike Samuel (@mikesamuel)
* Tobie Langel (@tobie)
* Eemeli Aro (@eemeli)


## Agenda

### Announcements

* Nomination period is now open for formal nominations for 2nd Director (community director),
  closes on Sunday.
* Silver and end user seat voting completed, announcements will go out soon. Look for them!
* Standards WG meeting this afternoon
* Open office hours this week 
* Friday add hock meeting to discuss the supporter program
* User feedback survey around “unhandled promise rejections”  - https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/616
https://twitter.com/mmarkini/status/1292968040737329152
* AMA happening tomorrow

### Board Meeting Updates
 
*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* We should try an earlier CPC meeting time
[#599](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/599)
  * We’re doing this next week (18 August 2020).
  * Question is how to handle this in the future?
  * We’ll do it once, promote it well, and assess next steps depending on how many people join the meeting.

* Next Steps for Supporter Program [#607](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/607)	

Meeting at 10EST to discuss next steps on Friday 8/14, if you would like to join email sarajchipps@gmail.com 

* Director election process [#601](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/601)
  * Details captured in this PR: #609
  * Issue for nominations for 2nd seat which is currently open for nominations 
    https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/616

* Develop annual review process for projects [#592](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/592)
  * Eemeli, we need to decide what the next step is
  * Chris, need some volunteers who will work to define the role of a project
    mentor/champion.
  * Sara, shared ownership that needs to happen. 
  * Tobie will schedule meeting to pull those together who are interested
     on working on it together (Chris, Sara, Joe, Eemeli, Robin, Tobie).
  * Should we rename the onboarding repo and use it for the full project lifecycle as
    opposed to just for the onboarding step

* doc: Governance changes for Collaboration Network [#547](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/547)
  * Need to tighten language around licences and then we can start the vote

* Add Foundation-wide copyright guidance [#414](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/414)
  * [Alternative proposal](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/tobie-alternative-ip-guidance/IP-POLICY-GUIDANCE.md)
  * Unsure how to best share it with the CPC to have a conversation about it
  * => Open new PR. Reference and close the old one.

* Responsible security disclosures [#326](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/326)
PR open https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/602 but needs a bit more work.

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://calendar.openjsf.org

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

