# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2020-07-21

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-sXnKcfSs0
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/594

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Rachel Romoff (@rromoff)
* Sara Chipps (@SaraJo)
* Christopher Hiller (@boneskull)
* Dylan Schiemann (@dylans)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Divy Tolia (@designmoreweb)
* Timmy Willison (@timmywil)
* Kris Borchers (@kborchers)
* Anton Molleda (@molant)
* Eemeli Aro (@eemeli)


## Agenda

### Announcements

* Marketing Committee Meeting today, immediately following
* Wrapping up take-aways from OpenJS World / Summit
* Board Nominations Opening up Soon
* Digital Ocean Announcement


### Board Meeting Updates
 
*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council





* Develop annual review process for projects [#592](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/592)
  * Noticed while going through docs/governance
  * Has particular wording around (????)
  * What does Growth mean - what kind of growth?
  * What is the objective of Growth - is the goal to become an impact project, etc?
  * How does the foundation support Growth projects
  * Projects need a Growth plan - review should work both ways
  * Growth project reps should be involved
  * AI - Create a HackMD to iterate on template ideas and get conversation started 

* FYI - Changes to Foundation Bylaws [#590](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/590)
  * Michael -> issue as requested last week.

* Board seat definitions and process [#587](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/587)
  * Updated based on discussion last week
  * Board meeting this Friday so if we can get people to approve we may be able to 
    get board to review in the meeting this week.
  * 

* Updating the CLA to the Apache-style ICLA and CCLA [#583](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/583)
 * Jory had sent direct request to the maintainers, for any concerns/comments
 * Got a lot of feedback, concern over implementation details and transition details
    are not too rough, but “consensus yes”, ready to move to next step.

* added membership program [#574](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/574)
  * discussed newsletter, agreed with approach of including as perk that you are signed up but
    not preventing sign up (keeping it open for sign up without being a supporter)

* Incubation process clarifications [#567](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/567)
  * Eemeli has opened this PR https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/591

* Move security reporting proposal to stage 2 [#566](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/566)
  * Michael -> Need to check if any new comments, otherwise we agreed it could land after last week.  Will try to do that this week

* WIP doc: Governance changes for Collaboration Network [#547](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/547)
  * Michael -> proposal landed as stage 2, need to open PR for stage3, and put forward along with Governance changes for Board approval.

* Select voting tool for votes [#526](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/526)
  * consensus on opovote
  * Brain/Jory to get together to setup account to simply billing
  * Email operations@openjsf.org for election support to ask for a vote to be held.

* 2nd Director seat- post July 2020 [#438](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/438)
  * waiting on #587 to land before progressing.

* Add Foundation-wide copyright guidance [#414](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/414)
  * No update.

* Responsible security disclosures [#326](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/326)
  * Michael (same as #566) -> Need to check if any new comments, otherwise we agreed it could land after last week.  Will try to do that this week

* draft proposal: Commons.js Program [#95](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/95)
  * Eemeli tagged to see if it’s still a thing
  * Should we drop for now as we’ve not done anything
  * Needs a champion, 
  * Eemeli, will submit PR to remove from Charter, which should get the conversation going.


## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://calendar.openjsf.org

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

