# OpenJS Foundation Bootstrap Team Meeting 2019-04-15

## Links

* **Recording**: https://youtu.be/rhqT6euwGr0
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/bootstrap/issues/154

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Matteo Collina (@mcollina)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
* Eemeli Aro (@eemeli)
* Jonah Stiennon (@jonahss)
* Brian Warner (@brianwarner) 
* Tracy Hinds (@hackygolucky)
* Mike Dolan (@mkdolan)
* Todd Moore (@tmmoore_1)
* Myles Borrins (@MylesBorins)
* Sarah Novotny (@sarahnovotny)
* Russ Schlossbach
* Nick O’Leary (@knolleary)
* Rich Trott (@Trott)
* Kris Borchers (@kborchers)
* Hassan Sani (@inidaname)
* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)

## Agenda

### Announcements
 
*Extracted from **bootstrap-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/bootstrap

* OpenJS Foundation Executive Director Job Description [#151](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/bootstrap/issues/151)
  * When the job posting is live we should open a new issue for visibility
  * agreed to close issue.

* Infrastructure: Mailing lists [#134](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/bootstrap/issues/134)
  * List are created and populated with initial lists
  * Michael: should have doc that describes how to request changes and create new mailing
    Lists. Requests can be emailed to Brian Warner (but the better alias to use is  
    operations@openjsf.org)

  * Myles: process should have waiting period so people can comment or object (ex: we use
    something like 48 hours in the Node.js project for something similar)
  * Myles, we should probably create an Admin repo, put doc on email list as well as 
    code of conduct as well. No objections.
  * Remove label and we’ll close once the doc lands

* Create process for new projects joining foundation [#130](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/bootstrap/issues/130)
  * Myles has not had a chance, should have time this week
  * Main challenge is probably around culture fit, good to have process where that is
    identified early so that can be communicated before the request to join is public.
  * Todd, Apache foundation has blackout period
  * Eemeli: If requirements have not been finalized, have all existing JSF projects been 
    grandfathered?
  * Myles, once set current projects would adopt over time, believe projects will be
    able to meet them.
  * Next step is for Myles to write first draft of doc.

* Review meeting times [#129](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/bootstrap/issues/129)
  * We have spreadsheet to try and get times that are good for people
  * So far 6 people have filled it in. 
  * Set May 1 as target to review to line up with target for having CPC representatives
    Identified.

* Project Housekeeping: Create Checklist for New Projects / Updating Existing Projects [#121](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/bootstrap/issues/121)
  * PR landed, agreed we can close the issue.

* Steps to bootstrap CPC and new Foundation [#115](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/bootstrap/issues/115)



## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.


