# Joint Foundation Bootstrap Team Meeting 2019-03-04

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DLzh65FrZEg
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/114

## Present

- Myles Borins (@MylesBorins)
- Jory Burson @jorydotcom)
- Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
- Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
- Russ Schlossbach
- Hassan Sani (@inidaname)
- Brian Warner (@brianwarner)
- Steven Ayr (@stevenayr)
- Saleh Abdel Motaal (@SMotaal)

## Agenda

Extracted from **bootstrap-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### Proposal Advancement (5 minutes)

* Stage 3 proposals
  - 5 minute timebox
  - Refs:
    - proposals: Community Board reps to stage-3 [#112](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/112)
    - proposal: move individual membership to stage 3 [#111](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/111)
    - proposal: project progression to stage-3 [#110](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/110)
    - proposal: move expectations to stage 3 [#108](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/pull/108)

  * Myles, any objects on this proposals as part of board review?
  * Brian, have not heard any objections.  Will send email to JS Board to double check as there
    was less time to review due to the way things rolled out.
  * Myles ok to land in 48 hours unless we hear otherwise?  Brian sounds ok.
  * Tracy clarifying question about process. For any proposals moving to stage 3, that means
     they are complete right?  Are they complete complete, or is it that owning groups then
     refine?  In the case of CPC charter seems complete, but for Individual membership there
     is more work.
  * Michael, believe that stage 3 is they are at the point where they need to be given stage 
    where we are in setting up new Foundation.  They will be updated/tweaked/extended as
    the groups that are responsible ramp up.

### Discussion (50 minutes)

* Name of $Foundation [#84](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/84)
  * 5 minute timebox
  * Brian, based on input from the community (TAC, TSC, CommComm, bootstrap
     subcommittee and 2 boards. Board agreed with community preference for
     OpenJS Foundation (close to an announcement).
  * Not official official until filing is made and would like to to make a organized announcement.
    Not secret but please help support the main announcement as opposed to publicising now.
  * Brian, bootstrap sub team now working on logo
  * Working hard to meet 12 of March
  * Brian thanks to everybody who has helped move this forward.
  * Myles thanks for coordinating.
   
* Next Steps
  * 30 minute timebox
  * End of May is collaborator summit, may be a good time to have first CPC meeting (potentially
    in person).
  * Myles, need to identify impact projects.  
  * Jory have already worked on this, have spreadsheet that shows where projects have self
     Identify (will provide link will full list). Like impact projects:
      * Node.js
      * Appium
      * Dojo
      * JQuery
      * Webpack (maybe)
      * JerryScript (maybe)
      * Should possibly check with Express
  * Michael, what about Express?
  * Brian listed as separate projects?
  * Myles Express, libuv most likely at Sandbox stage, but we should check

  * Jory preference is to let those who self-identify in
    * Michael, agree particularly since we have annual review.  Should also set timeline for 
      projects to work towards meeting requirements we’ve set for new projects.
    * Jory projects are very pragmatic, do have goals so believe it will work out well.

  * Myles - Once bootstrapped, up to CPC to start rolling out membership program.
    * Tracy, due to timeline, could get going in parallel.  

  * Michael, how about issue listing out next steps.
  * Myles, convert bootstrap time to, next steps and possible the CPC meeting?
    * agreement to continue with the existing times
  * Some items
    * bootstrap CPC
   * Transition from existing representation to new representation
      * TSC board rep, CommComm board rep, TAC rep and community rep.

Action: Michael to open issue - https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/115
All: post things we need to get done  


* draft proposal: language for project exit clause [#96](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/96)
  * 10 minute timebox
  * Push to Next steps/CPC bootstrap

* Project Directed Funding [#90](https://github.com/nodejs/bootstrap/issues/90)
  * 10 minute timebox
  * Jory came out of alternate funding discussion
    * For example open collective funding
      * Currently disclaimer on open collective pages saying it is distinct from foundation
        work.
    * How might a project accept a larger donation from a corporate sponsor
      * Earmark portion, make additional contribution, additional membership level
  * Michael one example is join foundation, but then you can also join for a specific project
  * Myles, one thing we’ve talked about is a budget committee from the CPC, could see
    this additional funding.
  * Jory, we should also understand why additional funding is being raised, what it is being
    used for etc.
  * Brian, what about things that require multiple years of funding. Typically handled through
    engaged board who can provide continuity across budget years.


* Next week's meeting?
  * Any objections?  None, will reconvene on Monday the 18th.

* Jory another town hall?
  * Myles have not gotten resources together for that. Maybe after merger is better?
  * Jory makes sense to me.
  * Brian, not much has changed since last town hall. Can ask foundation to continue to point
   to previous town hall. 
  * Michael should also include channels to provide communication back.
