# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2024-03-19

## Links

* **Recording**:
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1275

## Present

* Matteo Collina
* Tobie Langel
* Rick Markins
* Ben Sternthal
* Joey Guerra
* Adrian Estrada (@edsadr)
* Cody Zuschlag (@codyzu)
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb)
* Erik Zhao
* Wes Todd (@wesleytodd)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Michaela Laurencin
* Paula Paul (@paulapaul)

## Agenda

### Announcements

Wes Todd (WT) encouraged folks to participate via the various channels to Express and highlighted the ways Express is improving. WT stated that joining the Slack is the best place to start and to also participate in the discussions GitHub repo. https://github.com/expressjs/discussions/issues/160

### Board Meeting Updates

- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/waiting-on-board

### Staff Updates

- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/waiting-on-legal-info
- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/waiting-on-staff-update
- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/waiting-on-website-update

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Decide And Submit Season Of Docs Idea [#1274](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1274)
   *Matteo stated that he probably would not have time for mentoring his project so the project we would move forward with “Node.js Learn -- Creating World-class Learning material for Node.js” It was also agreed that Ben would report back on the effort involved and how this could be improved in the future

* jest Charter Review [#1272](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1272)
   * More approvals are requested on the Jest charter draft. 

* Document best practices for org/project organization [#1263](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1263)
   * Recommended next step is a working session or working async. Jordan Harband (JH) suggested reviewing a few examples of best practices. WT offered using Express as an example, improving Express and then pointing to that project as a good example. It was decided that the next step would be figuring out a time when Express and the CPC can have a working session
https://github.com/expressjs/Admin/issues/5

* Looking for members interested in helping with the Annual Ecosystem Report [#1253](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1253)
  * looking to start a collab space
  * Ben & Adrian will work together to create the repos etc.

* 2024 Google Season Of Docs [#1247](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1247)
* Skip - this was already discussed, 

* Community Voting Members - make project and community representation simpler [#1243](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1243)

* Refine CPC Definition Of Consensus  [#1241](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1241)

* Revisit Emeritus Stage Definitions [#1185](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1185)
   * Ben asked folks to review the google doc linked to from the issue. He stated that once we do a big round of edits we will create a PR and move the discussion to GitHub. 

* Archive tech-strategy [#1172](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1172)
   * This was archived during the meeting \o/

* Code of Conduct Plan of Action [#1122](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1122)
 * Note the next step here is a nomination.
 * Tobie will take the action of reviewing the nomination process to see if this can be run via GitHub or if OpenJS help is needed. 

* Standardize on Collab Spaces over Working Groups [#1110](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1110)
  * This has broad CPC approval but needs to get done. PR needed before request for board approval.

* IP Policy License Exemption Request - LoopBack [#885](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/885)

### Next week's working session

Are there any initiatives or agenda items that we should use a working session to further progress on?
- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/cpc-working-session

### Regular reviews

Please review regularly our list of dates and reminders, our quarterly review issues, and check the list of issues that can be closed:

- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/main/Dates-and-Reminders.md
- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/cpc-quartely-review
- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/cpc-can-issue-be-closed

### Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

