# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2024-02-20

## Links

* **Recording**:
* **GitHub Issue**: [#1252](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1252)

## Present

* Tobie Langel
* Ulises Gascon
* Jordan Harband
* Cody Zuschlag
* Paula Paul (@paulapaul)
* Robin Ginn
* Adrian Estranda (@edsadr)
* Claudio Wunder (Thank you whoever added me)
* Adam ‘rudd’ Ruddermann
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Benjamin Sternthal
* Joey Guerra
* Marco Ippolito
* Jean Burellier

## Agenda

- Review pending travel fund requests.

### Announcements

We unveiled the new Node.js mascot! 

### Board Meeting Updates

- Board meeting was held on Friday the 16th; still much discussion/interest in the security space and will be an ongoing topic of discussion, hoping for more people in the security collab space discussions on Mondays (on the public calendar)

### Staff Updates

- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/waiting-on-legal-info
- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/waiting-on-staff-update
- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/waiting-on-website-update

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* Exception for travel fund submission deadline for the Node.js collaboration summit [#1254](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1254)
   * TL - Deadline rule, is flexible not an issue to adjust this as needed
   * TL - Should we delegate an envelope to the node TSC
   * CW - Does it make sense to have the project TSCs (who are most familiar with the project) approve applications
   * BS - Is this currently a problem? We can totally change the approval process if needed but I am not convinced we have a problem yet.
   * RG - will reach out to the projects about envelopes
   * BS - will have a standing agenda item in the weekly CPC meetings to discuss any pending travel requests

* Provide clearer instructions on how onboarding projects should adopt the CoC [#1251](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1251)

  * TL tagged this to CW - follow up question and request for assistance updating the checklist and process for onboarding.

* chore: add Node.js's Website Learn Material as GSoD project [#1250](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/1250)
   * Ben & Claudio will figure this out

* 2024 Google Season Of Docs [#1247](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1247)

* Community Voting Members - make project and community representation simpler [#1243](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1243)

    * We’ll tackle this after voting / election calendar is sorted out (below)

* Refine CPC Definition Of Consensus  [#1241](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1241)

* Define more precisely what a conflict of interest is in the context of a CoC report [#1238](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1238)

* Emeritus Pass on Regular Members [#1234](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1234)
  * Create issue mentioning non-active members 
  * "Activity" is defined as recent, sustained contributions during the past 90 days.”
    from Governance: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/main/governance/GOVERNANCE.md#approving-and-onboarding-regular-members

* Refactor Election Calendar [#1227](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1227)

* Google Season of Docs: Node.js Learn Material [#1216](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1216)

* Adopt a uniform Moderation Process for our CoC [#1215](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1215)

* Revisit Emeritus Stage Definitions [#1185](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1185)
 * Meeting being scheduled for this week (Ben, Paula, Ulises), ping Ben if you want to attend

* Update and refactor CoC policy and processes [#1135](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/pull/1135)

* Code of Conduct Plan of Action [#1122](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1122)

* Standardize on Collab Spaces over Working Groups [#1110](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1110)

* Non-violent communication / strategic workplace conflict resolution training? [#1106](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1106)

* Create some documentation / web page to describe the collaboration model of OpenJS projects [#1003](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1003)

### Next week's working session

Are there any initiatives or agenda items that we should use a working session to further progress on?
- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/cpc-working-session

### Regular reviews

Please review regularly our list of dates and reminders, our quarterly review issues, and check the list of issues that can be closed:

- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/main/Dates-and-Reminders.md
- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/cpc-quartely-review
- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/cpc-can-issue-be-closed

### Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

