# OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council Meeting 2024-06-11

## Links

* **Recording**:
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1315

## Present

* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Tobie Langel
* Chris de Almeida (@ctcpip)
* Jordan Harband
* Meghan Denny (@nektro)
* Ulises Gascon
* Michael Dawson
* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Adrian Estrada (@edsadr)
* Michaela Laurencin
* Ben Sternthal (@bensternthal)
* Cody Zuschlag (@codyzu)
* Meghan Denny
* Paula Paul
* Darcy Clake (@darcyclarke)

## Agenda

### Announcements

- No pending travel fund requests. 
- Program committee meeting tomorrow June 12 (8:00 am PT)
- Security working group meeting moved earlier (8:30 am PT)

### Board Meeting Updates

- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/waiting-on-board

### Staff Updates

- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/waiting-on-legal-info
- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/waiting-on-staff-update
- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/waiting-on-website-update

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/cross-project-council

* 2024 Foundation Project Health Survey [#1313](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1313)
  * Michael asked if who in the Node.js project it went to.
  * Ben/Robin should have included the CPC reps for the Node.js project. 
  * Michael, k will expect the CPC reps to be the one who should approve

* Archive the HospitalRun project [#1307](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1307)
  * 

* Improving the security posture of the CPC [#1300](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1300)
Ben created a draft Google form for potential applicants, feedback is coming in and once it is complete it will be published (potential closure on next CPC call). Still some unresolved comments to be addressed.

* Selection of new Code of Conduct Team Community Members [#1298](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1298)

* Document CoC Team selection process [#1297](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1297)

* Create new Ecosystem Sustainability Program [#1277](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1277)
Can be closed, there was a town hall meeting (recording available), HeroDevs joined the meeting and there is information available, as other new partners come on board they will be introduced.

* Document best practices for org/project organization [#1263](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1263)
Waiting on the Express project (pending other higher priority work)
Can we unblock from Express?
This is not a high priority, and could potentially be refined to a specific scope that could be tackled independently of the Express team, since they are busy.
We should be clear about the scope (and that could help move this forward)
Action: retitle the issue to scope the work to community help files, and take it off the agenda

* Community Voting Members - make project and community representation simpler [#1243](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1243)

* Requirements for Projects releasing internal projects to 3rd party contributor [#1133](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1133)

* Code of Conduct Plan of Action [#1122](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1122)

* Standardize on Collab Spaces over Working Groups [#1110](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1110)

* Non-violent communication / strategic workplace conflict resolution training? [#1106](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1106)

* IP Policy License Exemption Request - LoopBack [#885](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/885)


### Next week's working session

Are there any initiatives or agenda items that we should use a working session to further progress on?
- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/cpc-working-session

[#1263](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/issues/1263)
Check on status of this - reword/rescope if not already done

### Regular reviews

Please review regularly our list of dates and reminders, our quarterly review issues, and check the list of issues that can be closed:

- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/main/Dates-and-Reminders.md
- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/cpc-quartely-review
- https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/labels/cpc-can-issue-be-closed

### Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

